## Gas(mana) Optimization Report by K42

### Possible Optimizations in JBXBuybackDelegate.sol
Scope = https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-05-juicebox/blob/main/juice-buyback/contracts/JBXBuybackDelegate.sol

Possible Optimization 1 = 
Lines referenced: #L150(https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-05-juicebox/blob/main/juice-buyback/contracts/JBXBuybackDelegate.sol#L150) and #L278(https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-05-juicebox/blob/main/juice-buyback/contracts/JBXBuybackDelegate.sol#L278)
-- In two separate functions, you're using ``PRBMath.mulDiv`` for calculating ``_tokenCount`` Although this is a safe operation, it's also more gas costly due to its internal complexity. If you can be sure that an overflow won't happen, replacing it with basic multiplication and division would save gas.
Change ``uint256 _tokenCount = PRBMath.mulDiv(_data.amount.value, _data.weight, 10 ** 18);`` 
To ``uint256 _tokenCount = (_data.amount.value * _data.weight) / 10 ** 18;``

Estimated gas savings for this change: ~5,000 to 10,000 gas ✅

Possible Optimization 2 = Lines referenced: #LL335C5-L335C5(https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-05-juicebox/blob/main/juice-buyback/contracts/JBXBuybackDelegate.sol#LL335C5-L335C5) and #L290 (https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-05-juicebox/blob/main/juice-buyback/contracts/JBXBuybackDelegate.sol#L290)
-- In the ``_mint`` and ``_swap`` functions, the statement ``jbxTerminal.directory().controllerOf(_data.projectId)` is used twice. Repeated external calls can be inefficient and cost more gas. You could save some gas by storing the result in a local variable after the first call and reusing it.
Suggested change:
``IJBDirectory directory = jbxTerminal.directory();
IJBController controller = IJBController(directory.controllerOf(_data.projectId));``

-- Estimated gas savings for this change: ~2,000 to 3,000 gas ✅

Possible Optimization 3 = Lines referenced: #LL106C2-L113C38 (https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-05-juicebox/blob/main/juice-buyback/contracts/JBXBuybackDelegate.sol#LL106C2-L113C38)

-- You're setting ``mintedAmount`` and ``reservedRate`` to ``1`` in multiple places. ``SSTORE`` operations are expensive in terms of gas, and if these variables are already set to 1, you're incurring unnecessary gas costs. Consider updating these values only when they have changed.
Suggested change: ``if (mintedAmount != 1) mintedAmount = 1;
if (reservedRate != 1) reservedRate = 1;``
 
-- Estimated gas savings for this change: ~20,000 gas saved per avoided SSTORE operation ✅
